README.md, before:

# DSA-library
### Introduction 
I would be learning data structures and algorithm properly and extensively in 2023(over its span).<br>
During this learning spree: 
- Python programming language would be used as the major tool of implementation.
- Each concept would be documented properly in here.

# Data Structures
### Linked list
An alternative to arrays(better off at times)
#### Features:
  - Insertion
    - Insert at the beginning
    - Insert at the end
    - Insert at index
    - Insert multiple values
  - Deletion
    - Delete by value
    - Delete by index
  - Existence -> bool
  - Get Existence index -> int
  - Length
  - Count of value
  - Print linked list

### Doubly Linked list
Double linked list

# Algorithms
## Search
### Linear search 
Search for a number in an array, sorted or unsorted and returns the index, iterates all through to where the number exists
#### Time complexity
O(n)
### Binary search 
Search for a number in a sorted array, and returns the index, divides the array in halves until number is found where existing.
#### Time complexity
O(log n)

## Learning Source
  ### Code basics
  - <a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLeo1K3hjS3uu_n_a__MI_KktGTLYopZ12"> Youtube </a>
  - <a href="https://github.com/codebasics/data-structures-algorithms-python"> Github </a>

Commit message:

added the features of the doubly linked list

README.md, after:

# DSA-library
### Introduction 
I would be learning data structures and algorithm properly and extensively in 2023(over its span).<br>
During this learning spree: 
- Python programming language would be used as the major tool of implementation.
- Each concept would be documented properly in here.

# Data Structures
### Linked list
An alternative to arrays(better off at times)
#### Features:
  - Insertion
    - Insert at the beginning
    - Insert at the end
    - Insert at index
    - Insert multiple values
  - Deletion
    - Delete by value
    - Delete by index
  - Existence -> bool
  - Get Existence index -> int
  - Length
  - Count of value
  - Print linked list

### Doubly Linked list
Double linked list
#### Features:
  - Insertion
    - Insert at the beginning
    - Insert at the end
    - Insert at index
    - Insert multiple values
  - Deletion
    - Delete by value
    - Delete by index
  - Existence -> bool
  - Get Existence index -> int
  - Length(optimised O(1))
  - Count of value
  - Print linked list forward and backward
# Algorithms
## Search
### Linear search 
Search for a number in an array, sorted or unsorted and returns the index, iterates all through to where the number exists
#### Time complexity
O(n)
### Binary search 
Search for a number in a sorted array, and returns the index, divides the array in halves until number is found where existing.
#### Time complexity
O(log n)

## Learning Source
  ### Code basics
  - <a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLeo1K3hjS3uu_n_a__MI_KktGTLYopZ12"> Youtube </a>
  - <a href="https://github.com/codebasics/data-structures-algorithms-python"> Github </a>
